README.md, before:



<h2 align="center">
 Digital House | Amsterdam
</h2>

<h3 align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/img/screenshot.png"  alt="Digital House Overview">
</h3>


<div align="center"> 


<br><br>

[You can view the live project here](https://yigitaksoy.github.io/Digital-House/)

</div>

# Digital House | Amsterdam

## Overview 

This the main website for Digital House, a Digital Agency located in the heart of Amsterdam. The website aims to target individuals, and business around the world who are looking for digital services such as Web Design, Web Development & Coding, and Digital Marketing for their needs. The website's main focus is to promote, and inform potential clients about their services, and raise brand awareness.

The website was also built with mobile-first design in mind, and accessible on a wide range of mobile devices, and tablets.

## Contents Table

1. [**UX**](#ux)
    - [**User Stories**](#user-stories)
    - [**Design**](#design)
    - [**Wireframes**](#wireframes)

2. [**Features**](#features)
    - [**Existing Features**](#existing-features)
    - [**Features to Implement**](#features-to-implement)

3. [**Technologies Used**](#technologies-used)

4. [**Testing**](#testing)

5. [**Deployment**](#deployment)

6. [**Credits**](#credits)
    - [**Contents**](#contents)
    - [**Media**](#media)
    - [**Bootstrap snippets & Codes**](#bootstrap-snippets--codes)
    - [**Acknowledgements**](#acknowledgements)

7. [**Disclaimer**](#disclaimer)

 
 
## UX

The Website features a clean, minimal, and spacious layout, with for users to easily navigate, and understand the main purpose of what the Agency tries to accomplish. 


### User stories

#### First Time Visitor Goals

* I want to be able to understand the purpose of the website.
* I want to be able to find information about the Agency.
* I want to be able to find out about the services offered by the Agency.


#### Returning Visitor Goals

* I want to find more information about Agency's services.
* I want to be able to see the cost each of each service.


#### Frequent User Goals

* I want to find out how to contact the Agency. 
* I want to see the company's social media presence. 



## Strategy 

The goal of the website is to inform potential clients about the services that website offers, increase Agency awareness, and increase client portfolio. Agency aims to attract more clients by offering package deals at a low monthly cost. 

## Design 

### Color Scheme

- The colors used throught the website are;

<img src="https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/img/color-palette.png"  alt="color palette">


### Typography

- The primary font that was used on this project is [Google Montserrat.](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Montserrat) It was used throught the website for Logo, Navigation links, on all the descriptions, and text to give the website a clear, spacious and minimalistic feel. 

### Imagery

- All the images on the website are obtained from [Unsplash.](https://unsplash.com) 

### Wireframes

- [Desktop view](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/wireframes/desktop-wireframe.png)
- [Tablet view](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/wireframes/tablet-wireframe.png)
- [Mobile view](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/wireframes/mobile-wireframe.png)


## Features
 
### Existing Features

- Responsive on all device sizes.  
- Interactive and responsive Mobile navbar built with HTML, CSS and Javascript.
- Information page about the Agency.
- List of services, and their descriptions.
- Interactive Pricing section describing all the offered services in more detail, and showing the price of the each service. 
- Interactive Contact Form with a Map.

### Features to Implement

- Agency portfolio section showcasing all the work that has been done by the company.
- Blog section to increase website traffic, and attract more potential clients. 
- Creating a platform which enables customers to purchase Service Packages diretcly from the website.
- 24/7 Online chat support for current, and potential clients. 


## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
- [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
   

### Frameworks, Libraries, and Programs Used

- [Visiual Studio Code ](https://code.visualstudio.com)
    - **Vscode** Is the code editor used to develop, commit & push parts of this website.
- [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) 
    - **Gitpod** was the IDE used to commit & push the project on [GitHub](https://github.com/).    
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
    - **Github** is used for: 
    1. Tracking the project, and for version control.
    2. As a remote server for other users to see the code used in the project.
    3. Deploying the project for live view. The deployed version can be viewed [here](https://yigitaksoy.github.io/Digital-House/).
- [Bootstrap](https://www.bootstrapcdn.com/)
    - **Bootstrap**  to structure the website, and to achieve responsive layout across various mobile devices.      
- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - **JQuery**  used with Bootstrap.  
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
    - **Google Fonts**  for importing typography.
- [Google Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/)
    - **Google Maps**  for showing company location.
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) 
   - **Font Awesome** for adding an social icons, and on the disclaimer on the footer. 
- [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
   - **W3C Markup Validator** to check validity of HTML code.   
- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
   - **W3C CSS Validator** to check validity of CSS code.
- [Balsamiq:](https://balsamiq.com/)
    - **Balsamiq** was used for creating [wireframes](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/tree/master/assets/wireframes) during the design process. 
- [Code Institute Form Dump](https://formdump.codeinstitute.net)
    - **Code Institute Form Dump** was used to validate input on the contact form, and improve UX.
- [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/)
    - **TinyPNG** was used for compressing images used on this website. 



## Testing 

The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator Services were used to validate the HTML & CSS code in the project to ensure there were no syntax errors.

-   [W3C Markup Validator Results](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/w3c-validator-results/w3c-html-validator-results.png)
-   [W3C CSS Validator Results](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/w3c-validator-results/w3c-css-validator-results.png)

### Testing User Stories from UX Design Section

#### First Time Visitor Goals

* I want to be able to understand the purpose of the website.
    - Upon visiting the website, users are welcomed with the branding, and the company slogan that briefly describes Agency's primary purpose. Underneath, there is a call to action button which leads users directly to About us section for users to understand the primary mission of the Agency. 
* I want to be able to find information about the Agency.
    - On the About us page, a testimonial is presented about the Agency background, the services they provide, and a brief promotion of the team.
* I want to be able to find out about the services offered by the Agency.
    - On the services section of the website, customers are presented with information about each of the services Agency offers.


#### Returning Visitor Goals

* I want to find more information about Agency's services.
    - On the Pricing section of the website, users are presented with further details about how each service is structured, and what is included in each package.
* I want to be able to see the cost each of each service.
    - On the Pricing section of the website, users are also provided with the cost of each service, and a "Contact" button that leads the user to the contact form for further inquires. 


#### Frequent User Goals

* I want to find out how to contact the Agency. 
    - On the navigation bar a Contact link is added, which takes the user to the contact section which is at the bottom of the website, and provides users a contact form, along with the details of the agency. 
* I want to see the company's social media presence. 
    - On the footer of the website, users may find Agency's social media presence, and find other ways to interract with the agency.



### Further Manual Testing

- All pages were tested locally, and on GitHub using Chrome, Firefox, IE, and Safari. 
- All pages tested for responsivness in different device sizes using Google Chrome Developer Tools;
  - Desktop 
  - iPhone 5/6/7/8/X 
  - iPad 1/2/3/Pro 
  - Galaxy Android phones
- All the pages were also tested manually using;
  - iPhone 5s/6s/8/X/XS/11/
  - Samsung Galaxy S8/Note 10+
  - iPad Air 2 
- All the internal links tested locally, and functional.
- All the logos on the website are functional, and leads the user back to the home page. 
- All external links works as expected, and open in a new tab. 
- All images are properly sized, and contain 'alt' text for description.
- All the buttons checked for functionality, and works as expected. 
- All the links in mobile navbar works, and navbar works as expected.
- All the fields in the contact form, as well as the submit button are tested, and working properly. Contact form also uses POST method linked to Code Institute form dump for input validation. 

### Debugging

- During the earlier development stages of the website, a custom [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) map was used for the Contact page to improve the UI. After testing the page on various screen sizes, I found out that the map wasn't responsive. During my research i found out that in order to make a Mapbox map responsive, javascript is also needed. Since this was out of the scope of this project, I've decided to use Google Maps which is easier to implement. If you're interested in using Mapbox maps on your projects, you may find the solution [here.](https://www.codeply.com/go/xVmxfg8AP5/bootstrap-4-mapbox) For more information on how to use Google Maps on your website, you may look [here.](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/)

- Some users reported scrolling issues with their mobile devices. To troubleshoot the problem `scroll-behavior` class was removed from the html element in the css. After further testing issue turned out be caused by users' devices, `scroll-behavior` class was added back, and issue was ignored. 

 


## Deployment

- To view the deployed version of [Digital House](https://yigitaksoy.github.io/Digital-House/) I took the following steps:
    - Logged on to [GitHub](https://github.com/).
    - Selected **yigitaksoy/Digital-House** from the list of repositories.
    - Selected **Settings** within the repository.
    - Scrolled down to **Github Pages**, and changed **source** to **master branch**.
    - The page automatically deployed. 

- To add this repository to your local workspace:
    - Click on the [Digital House repository on GitHub](https://yigitaksoy.github.io/Digital-House/) link.
    - Click on the green **Clone or download** button on the right-hand side, and copy the clone URL.
    - Go into your local workspace, and open up a new terminal. 
    - Type `git clone ` and paste the URL you copied from GitHub, and press enter. It should look like this: 
```console
git clone https://github.com/*username*/*repository*
```
The process of cloning is now completed. For further information on cloning,
 visit [How to clone from GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/cloning-a-repository).



## Credits

### Content
- All Content on this website were inspired, and adapted from [Dutch Digital Agencies](https://dutchdigitalagencies.com/). 

### Media
- All images used on this website are from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com).

### Bootstrap snippets & Codes
- Responsive mobile navbar, with HTML, CSS & JS is from [Dev Ed](https://youtu.be/gXkqy0b4M5g) Youtube lesson.
- CSS Fade-in animation source code is from [Hubspot](https://blog.hubspot.com/website/css-fade-in).
- Source code for the brush stroke highlight effects on Services Page is from [Andy Hooke](https://www.andyhooke.co.uk/how-to-add-a-paint-stroke-highlight-to-text-using-css-in-divi/).
- Bootstrap snippet used for the Pricing Page is from [Startbootstrap.com](https://startbootstrap.com/snippets/pricing-table).
- Idea for the Contact page with Map is from [Wrappixel](https://snippets.wrappixel.com/contact-form-with-map/).
- Bootstrap 4 Responsive Google Map code snippet is from [Codeply](https://www.codeply.com/p/i4K1zrn6u3).

## Acknowledgements
- I would like to thank my mentor Nishant Kumar for his valuable input thoughout this project. 

## Disclaimer
- All content on the website, including images and text, are used for educational purposes only.

Commit message:

added gitpod issues to debugging section

README.md, after:



<h2 align="center">
 Digital House | Amsterdam
</h2>

<h3 align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/img/screenshot.png"  alt="Digital House Overview">
</h3>


<div align="center"> 


<br><br>

[You can view the live project here](https://yigitaksoy.github.io/Digital-House/)

</div>

# Digital House | Amsterdam

## Overview 

This the main website for Digital House, a Digital Agency located in the heart of Amsterdam. The website aims to target individuals, and business around the world who are looking for digital services such as Web Design, Web Development & Coding, and Digital Marketing for their needs. The website's main focus is to promote, and inform potential clients about their services, and raise brand awareness.

The website was also built with mobile-first design in mind, and accessible on a wide range of mobile devices, and tablets.

## Contents Table

1. [**UX**](#ux)
    - [**User Stories**](#user-stories)
    - [**Design**](#design)
    - [**Wireframes**](#wireframes)

2. [**Features**](#features)
    - [**Existing Features**](#existing-features)
    - [**Features to Implement**](#features-to-implement)

3. [**Technologies Used**](#technologies-used)

4. [**Testing**](#testing)

5. [**Deployment**](#deployment)

6. [**Credits**](#credits)
    - [**Contents**](#contents)
    - [**Media**](#media)
    - [**Bootstrap snippets & Codes**](#bootstrap-snippets--codes)
    - [**Acknowledgements**](#acknowledgements)

7. [**Disclaimer**](#disclaimer)

 
 
## UX

The Website features a clean, minimal, and spacious layout, with for users to easily navigate, and understand the main purpose of what the Agency tries to accomplish. 


### User stories

#### First Time Visitor Goals

* I want to be able to understand the purpose of the website.
* I want to be able to find information about the Agency.
* I want to be able to find out about the services offered by the Agency.


#### Returning Visitor Goals

* I want to find more information about Agency's services.
* I want to be able to see the cost each of each service.


#### Frequent User Goals

* I want to find out how to contact the Agency. 
* I want to see the company's social media presence. 



## Strategy 

The goal of the website is to inform potential clients about the services that website offers, increase Agency awareness, and increase client portfolio. Agency aims to attract more clients by offering package deals at a low monthly cost. 

## Design 

### Color Scheme

- The colors used throught the website are;

<img src="https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/img/color-palette.png"  alt="color palette">


### Typography

- The primary font that was used on this project is [Google Montserrat.](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Montserrat) It was used throught the website for Logo, Navigation links, on all the descriptions, and text to give the website a clear, spacious and minimalistic feel. 

### Imagery

- All the images on the website are obtained from [Unsplash.](https://unsplash.com) 

### Wireframes

- [Desktop view](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/wireframes/desktop-wireframe.png)
- [Tablet view](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/wireframes/tablet-wireframe.png)
- [Mobile view](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/wireframes/mobile-wireframe.png)


## Features
 
### Existing Features

- Responsive on all device sizes.  
- Interactive and responsive Mobile navbar built with HTML, CSS and Javascript.
- Information page about the Agency.
- List of services, and their descriptions.
- Interactive Pricing section describing all the offered services in more detail, and showing the price of the each service. 
- Interactive Contact Form with a Map.

### Features to Implement

- Agency portfolio section showcasing all the work that has been done by the company.
- Blog section to increase website traffic, and attract more potential clients. 
- Creating a platform which enables customers to purchase Service Packages diretcly from the website.
- 24/7 Online chat support for current, and potential clients. 


## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
- [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
   

### Frameworks, Libraries, and Programs Used

- [Visiual Studio Code ](https://code.visualstudio.com)
    - **Vscode** Is the code editor used to develop, commit & push parts of this website.
- [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) 
    - **Gitpod** was the IDE used to commit & push the project on [GitHub](https://github.com/).    
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
    - **Github** is used for: 
    1. Tracking the project, and for version control.
    2. As a remote server for other users to see the code used in the project.
    3. Deploying the project for live view. The deployed version can be viewed [here](https://yigitaksoy.github.io/Digital-House/).
- [Bootstrap](https://www.bootstrapcdn.com/)
    - **Bootstrap**  to structure the website, and to achieve responsive layout across various mobile devices.      
- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - **JQuery**  used with Bootstrap.  
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
    - **Google Fonts**  for importing typography.
- [Google Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/)
    - **Google Maps**  for showing company location.
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) 
   - **Font Awesome** for adding an social icons, and on the disclaimer on the footer. 
- [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
   - **W3C Markup Validator** to check validity of HTML code.   
- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
   - **W3C CSS Validator** to check validity of CSS code.
- [Balsamiq:](https://balsamiq.com/)
    - **Balsamiq** was used for creating [wireframes](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/tree/master/assets/wireframes) during the design process. 
- [Code Institute Form Dump](https://formdump.codeinstitute.net)
    - **Code Institute Form Dump** was used to validate input on the contact form, and improve UX.
- [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/)
    - **TinyPNG** was used for compressing images used on this website. 



## Testing 

The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator Services were used to validate the HTML & CSS code in the project to ensure there were no syntax errors.

-   [W3C Markup Validator Results](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/w3c-validator-results/w3c-html-validator-results.png)
-   [W3C CSS Validator Results](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/blob/master/assets/w3c-validator-results/w3c-css-validator-results.png)

### Testing User Stories from UX Design Section

#### First Time Visitor Goals

* I want to be able to understand the purpose of the website.
    - Upon visiting the website, users are welcomed with the branding, and the company slogan that briefly describes Agency's primary purpose. Underneath, there is a call to action button which leads users directly to About us section for users to understand the primary mission of the Agency. 
* I want to be able to find information about the Agency.
    - On the About us page, a testimonial is presented about the Agency background, the services they provide, and a brief promotion of the team.
* I want to be able to find out about the services offered by the Agency.
    - On the services section of the website, customers are presented with information about each of the services Agency offers.


#### Returning Visitor Goals

* I want to find more information about Agency's services.
    - On the Pricing section of the website, users are presented with further details about how each service is structured, and what is included in each package.
* I want to be able to see the cost each of each service.
    - On the Pricing section of the website, users are also provided with the cost of each service, and a "Contact" button that leads the user to the contact form for further inquires. 


#### Frequent User Goals

* I want to find out how to contact the Agency. 
    - On the navigation bar a Contact link is added, which takes the user to the contact section which is at the bottom of the website, and provides users a contact form, along with the details of the agency. 
* I want to see the company's social media presence. 
    - On the footer of the website, users may find Agency's social media presence, and find other ways to interract with the agency.



### Further Manual Testing

- All pages were tested locally, and on GitHub using Chrome, Firefox, IE, and Safari. 
- All pages tested for responsivness in different device sizes using Google Chrome Developer Tools;
  - Desktop 
  - iPhone 5/6/7/8/X 
  - iPad 1/2/3/Pro 
  - Galaxy Android phones
- All the pages were also tested manually using;
  - iPhone 5s/6s/8/X/XS/11/
  - Samsung Galaxy S8/Note 10+
  - iPad Air 2 
- All the internal links tested locally, and functional.
- All the logos on the website are functional, and leads the user back to the home page. 
- All external links works as expected, and open in a new tab. 
- All images are properly sized, and contain 'alt' text for description.
- All the buttons checked for functionality, and works as expected. 
- All the links in mobile navbar works, and navbar works as expected.
- All the fields in the contact form, as well as the submit button are tested, and working properly. Contact form also uses POST method linked to Code Institute form dump for input validation. 

### Debugging

- During the earlier development stages of the website, a custom [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) map was used for the Contact page to improve the UI. After testing the page on various screen sizes, I found out that the map wasn't responsive. During my research i found out that in order to make a Mapbox map responsive, javascript is also needed. Since this was out of the scope of this project, I've decided to use Google Maps which is easier to implement. If you're interested in using Mapbox maps on your projects, you may find the solution [here.](https://www.codeply.com/go/xVmxfg8AP5/bootstrap-4-mapbox) For more information on how to use Google Maps on your website, you may look [here.](https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/)

- Some users reported scrolling issues with their mobile devices. To troubleshoot the problem `scroll-behavior` class was removed from the html element in the css. After further testing issue turned out be caused by users' devices, `scroll-behavior` class was added back, and issue was ignored. 

- During the development process, Gitpod servers were experiencing issues, and due these issues parts of this project was pushed using Vscode with "GitHub Pull Requests and Issues" extension. After the first commit i've realized that plugin was misconfigured, and this resulted in showing the first, and last name of the author on the commit history, instead of the user name [see here](https://github.com/yigitaksoy/Digital-House/commit/3626b48c32a1467e9cd449afbbc42ae519f389f6). Problem was fixed after proper configuration. 


## Deployment

- To view the deployed version of [Digital House](https://yigitaksoy.github.io/Digital-House/) I took the following steps:
    - Logged on to [GitHub](https://github.com/).
    - Selected **yigitaksoy/Digital-House** from the list of repositories.
    - Selected **Settings** within the repository.
    - Scrolled down to **Github Pages**, and changed **source** to **master branch**.
    - The page automatically deployed. 

- To add this repository to your local workspace:
    - Click on the [Digital House repository on GitHub](https://yigitaksoy.github.io/Digital-House/) link.
    - Click on the green **Clone or download** button on the right-hand side, and copy the clone URL.
    - Go into your local workspace, and open up a new terminal. 
    - Type `git clone ` and paste the URL you copied from GitHub, and press enter. It should look like this: 
```console
git clone https://github.com/*username*/*repository*
```
The process of cloning is now completed. For further information on cloning,
 visit [How to clone from GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/cloning-a-repository).



## Credits

### Content
- All Content on this website were inspired, and adapted from [Dutch Digital Agencies](https://dutchdigitalagencies.com/). 

### Media
- All images used on this website are from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com).

### Bootstrap snippets & Codes
- Responsive mobile navbar, with HTML, CSS & JS is from [Dev Ed](https://youtu.be/gXkqy0b4M5g) Youtube lesson.
- CSS Fade-in animation source code is from [Hubspot](https://blog.hubspot.com/website/css-fade-in).
- Source code for the brush stroke highlight effects on Services Page is from [Andy Hooke](https://www.andyhooke.co.uk/how-to-add-a-paint-stroke-highlight-to-text-using-css-in-divi/).
- Bootstrap snippet used for the Pricing Page is from [Startbootstrap.com](https://startbootstrap.com/snippets/pricing-table).
- Idea for the Contact page with Map is from [Wrappixel](https://snippets.wrappixel.com/contact-form-with-map/).
- Bootstrap 4 Responsive Google Map code snippet is from [Codeply](https://www.codeply.com/p/i4K1zrn6u3).

## Acknowledgements
- I would like to thank my mentor Nishant Kumar for his valuable input thoughout this project. 

## Disclaimer
- All content on the website, including images and text, are used for educational purposes only.
